Delicate
========

Tagged information browsing/editing environment with delusions on
grandeur.

I'm tired of how laggy http://del.icio.us/ is, how bad the service
breaks are, and so on. It's time to take action.

Even if del.icio.us had 100% uptime and bandwidth, I lack faith in
both reliability and continuity of centralized services, that try to
serve the whole Internet. That's just not a good architecture.

This is where delicate comes in.

	delicate = del.icio.us + replicate

My plan is to write a del.icio.us-like tagged bookmark browser with
pluggable storage backends, and to provide mechanisms to synchronize
the bookmarks with del.icio.us or whatever is the popular social thing
of the day. The synchronization feature will be able to e.g. only
publish bookmarks with the tag "public", or ones without the tag
"private", allowing you to maintain public and private
bookmarks.

Currently, delicate knows how to import your del.icio.us export.html
file. Export is restricted to authenticated users in del.icio.us. If
you just want something to play with, see
delicate/delicious/test/export.html. Then run

	./bin/delicate deli2dir export.html del.icio.us

The web interface shows bookmarks from
delicate/delicious/test/export.html by default, you may want to edit
web.tac to use the bookmarks you just imported.

I'm currently more interested in filesystem-backed storage, but the
design should be able to handle databases too. Feel free to start
coding. I intend to plug the filesystem thingie into a distributed
version control, and use that to backup my bookmarks and make them
available on multiple hosts. Currently that is likely to be git, but
if there is interest that should be easy to make pluggable.

My interests in the user interface area are:

- a web-based AJAXy browser for casual use

- a command line interface when that's more convenient


Dependencies
------------

This whole thing is being built on top of:

- Python (>= 2.3)

- Twisted (>= 2.0.1)

- Nevow (SVN trunk atleast for a while, Athena is still in
  development; maybe 0.8 will have a usable Athena)

- Athena uses MochiKit, but that is embedded in Nevow
